This document contains the license information about the following software.
- JAVAMAIL API 1.4
- SMACK API 2.2.1
- APACHE XMLBEANS 2.1.0 
- APACHE LOG4J 1.2.14
- EXIST XML DATABASE 1.1.1

-----------------------------------------------------------------
JAVAMAIL API 1.4
Sun Microsystems, Inc. ("Sun") ENTITLEMENT for SOFTWARE

Licensee/Company: Entity receiving Software.

Effective Date: Date of delivery of the Software to You.

Software: JavaMail 1.4.

License Term:  Perpetual (subject to termination under the SLA).

Licensed Unit: Software Copy.

Licensed unit Count: Unlimited.

Permitted Uses:

1. You may reproduce and use the Software for Individual, Commercial,
or Research and Instructional Use for the purposes of designing,
developing, testing, and running Your applets and
application("Programs").

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and
restrictions and exceptions set forth in the Software's documentation,
You may reproduce and distribute portions of Software identified as a
redistributable in the documentation ("Redistributable"), provided
that:

(a) you distribute Redistributable complete and unmodified and only
bundled as part of Your Programs,

(b) your Programs add significant and primary functionality to the
Redistributable,

(c) you distribute Redistributable for the sole purpose of running your
Programs,

(d) you do not distribute additional software intended to replace any
component(s) of the Redistributable,

(e) you do not remove or alter any proprietary legends or notices
contained in or on the Redistributable.

(f) you only distribute the Redistributable subject to a license
agreement that protects Sun's interests consistent with the terms
contained in this Agreement, and

(g) you agree to defend and indemnify Sun and its licensors from and
against any damages, costs, liabilities, settlement amounts and/or
expenses  (including attorneys' fees) incurred in connection with any
claim, lawsuit or action by any third party that arises or results from
the use or distribution of any and all Programs and/or
Redistributable.

3. Java Technology Restrictions.  You may not create, modify, or change
the behavior of, or authorize your licensees to create, modify, or
change the behavior of, classes, interfaces, or subpackages that are in
any way identified as "java", "javax", "sun" or similar convention as
specified by Sun in any naming convention designation.

B. Sun Microsystems, Inc. ("Sun")
SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

READ THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT ("AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY BEFORE OPENING
SOFTWARE MEDIA PACKAGE. BY OPENING SOFTWARE MEDIA PACKAGE, YOU AGREE TO
THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE ACCESSING SOFTWARE
ELECTRONICALLY, INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS BY SELECTING
THE "ACCEPT" BUTTON AT THE END OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE
TO ALL OF THE TERMS, PROMPTLY RETURN THE UNUSED SOFTWARE TO YOUR PLACE
OF PURCHASE FOR A REFUND OR, IF SOFTWARE IS ACCESSED ELECTRONICALLY,
SELECT THE "DECLINE" (OR "EXIT") BUTTON AT THE END OF THIS AGREEMENT.
IF YOU HAVE SEPARATELY AGREED TO LICENSE TERMS ("MASTER TERMS") FOR
YOUR LICENSE TO THIS SOFTWARE, THEN SECTIONS 1-5 OF THIS AGREEMENT
("SUPPLEMENTAL LICENSE TERMS") SHALL SUPPLEMENT AND SUPERSEDE THE
MASTER TERMS IN RELATION TO THIS SOFTWARE.

1.      Definitions.

(a)     "Entitlement" means the collective set of applicable documents
authorized by Sun evidencing your obligation to pay associated fees (if
any) for the license, associated Services, and the authorized scope of
use of Software under this Agreement.

(b)     "Licensed Unit" means the unit of measure by which your use of
Software and/or Service is licensed, as described in your Entitlement.

(c)     "Permitted Use" means the licensed Software use(s) authorized
in this Agreement as specified in your Entitlement. The Permitted Use
for any bundled Sun software not specified in your Entitlement will be
evaluation use as provided in Section 3.

(d)     "Service" means the service(s) that Sun or its delegate will
provide, if any, as selected in your Entitlement and as further
described in the applicable service listings at
www.sun.com/service/servicelist.

(e)     "Software" means the Sun software described in your
Entitlement. Also, certain software may be included for evaluation use
under Section 3.


(f)     "You" and "Your" means the individual or legal entity specified
in the Entitlement, or for evaluation purposes, the entity performing
the evaluation.

2.      License Grant and Entitlement.

Subject to the terms of your Entitlement, Sun grants you a
nonexclusive, nontransferable limited license to use Software for its
Permitted Use for the license term. Your Entitlement will specify (a)
Software licensed, (b) the Permitted Use, (c) the license term, and (d)
the Licensed Units.

Additionally, if your Entitlement includes Services, then it will also
specify the (e) Service and (f) service term.

If your rights to Software or Services are limited in duration and the
date such rights begin is other than the purchase date, your
Entitlement will provide that beginning date(s).

The Entitlement may be delivered to you in various ways depending on
the manner in which you obtain Software and Services, for example, the
Entitlement may be provided in your receipt, invoice or your contract
with Sun or authorized Sun reseller. It may also be in electronic
format if you download Software.

3.      Permitted Use.

As selected in your Entitlement, one or more of the following Permitted
Uses will apply to your use of Software. Unless you have an Entitlement
that expressly permits it, you may not use Software for any of the
other Permitted Uses. If you don't have an Entitlement, or if your
Entitlement doesn't cover additional software delivered to you, then
such software is for your Evaluation Use.

(a) Evaluation Use. You may evaluate Software internally for a period
of 90 days from your first use.

(b) Research and Instructional Use. You may use Software internally to
design, develop and test, and also to provide instruction on such
uses.

(c) Individual Use. You may use Software internally for personal,
individual use.

(d) Commercial Use. You may use Software internally for your own
commercial purposes.

(e) Service Provider Use. You may make Software functionality
accessible (but not by providing Software itself or through outsourcing
services) to your end users in an extranet deployment, but not to your
affiliated companies or to government agencies.

4.      Licensed Units.

Your Permitted Use is limited to the number of Licensed Units stated in
your Entitlement. If you require additional Licensed Units, you will
need additional Entitlement(s).

5.	Restrictions.

(a) The copies of Software provided to you under this Agreement are
licensed, not sold, to you by Sun. Sun reserves all rights not
expressly granted. (b) You may make a single archival copy of Software,
but otherwise may not copy, modify, or distribute Software. However if
the Sun documentation accompanying Software lists specific portions of
Software, such as header files, class libraries, reference source code,
and/or redistributable files, that may be handled differently, you may
do so only as provided in the Sun documentation. (c) You may not rent,
lease, lend or encumber Software. (d) Unless enforcement is prohibited
by applicable law, you may not decompile, or reverse engineer Software.
(e) The terms and conditions of this Agreement will apply to any
Software updates, provided to you at Sun's discretion, that replace
and/or supplement the original Software, unless such update contains a
separate license. (f) You may not publish or provide the results of any
benchmark or comparison tests run on Software to any third party
without the prior written consent of Sun. (g) Software is confidential
and copyrighted. (h) Unless otherwise specified, if Software is
delivered with embedded or bundled software that enables functionality
of Software, you may not use such software on a stand-alone basis or
use any portion of such software to interoperate with any program(s)
other than Software. (i) Software may contain programs that perform
automated collection of system data and/or automated software updating
services. System data collected through such programs may be used by
Sun, its subcontractors, and its service delivery partners for the
purpose of providing you with remote system services and/or improving
Sun's software and systems. (j) Software is not designed, licensed or
intended for use in the design, construction, operation or maintenance
of any nuclear facility and Sun and its licensors disclaim any express
or implied warranty of fitness for such uses. (k) No right, title or
interest in or to any trademark, service mark, logo or trade name of
Sun or its licensors is granted under this Agreement.

6.      Term and Termination.

The license and service term are set forth in your Entitlement(s). Your
rights under this Agreement will terminate immediately without notice
from Sun if you materially breach it or take any action in derogation
of Sun's and/or its licensors' rights to Software. Sun may terminate
this Agreement should any Software become, or in Sun's reasonable
opinion likely to become, the subject of a claim of intellectual
property infringement or trade secret misappropriation. Upon
termination, you will cease use of, and destroy, Software and confirm
compliance in writing to Sun. Sections 1, 5, 6, 7, and 9-15 will
survive termination of the Agreement.

7.      Java Compatibility and Open Source.

Software may contain Java technology. You may not create additional
classes to, or modifications of, the Java technology, except under
compatibility requirements available under a separate agreement
available at www.java.net.

Sun supports and benefits from the global community of open source
developers, and thanks the community for its important contributions
and open standards-based technology, which Sun has adopted into many of
its products.

Please note that portions of Software may be provided with notices and
open source licenses from such communities and third parties that
govern the use of those portions, and any licenses granted hereunder do
not alter any rights and obligations you may have under such open
source licenses, however, the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of
liability provisions in this Agreement will apply to all Software in
this distribution.

8.      Limited Warranty.

Sun warrants to you that for a period of 90 days from the date of
purchase, as evidenced by a copy of the receipt, the media on which
Software is furnished (if any) will be free of defects in materials and
workmanship under normal use. Except for the foregoing, Software is
provided "AS IS". Your exclusive remedy and Sun's entire liability
under this limited warranty will be at Sun's option to replace Software
media or refund the fee paid for Software. Some states do not allow
limitations on certain implied warranties, so the above may not apply
to you. This limited warranty gives you specific legal rights. You may
have others, which vary from state to state.

9.      Disclaimer of Warranty.

UNLESS SPECIFIED IN THIS AGREEMENT, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED CONDITIONS,
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT
ARE DISCLAIMED, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THESE DISCLAIMERS ARE HELD TO
BE LEGALLY INVALID.

10.     Limitation of Liability.

TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL SUN OR ITS
LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST REVENUE, PROFIT OR DATA, OR FOR
SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES,
HOWEVER CAUSED REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR
RELATED TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF SUN HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. In no event will Sun's
liability to you, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), or
otherwise, exceed the amount paid by you for Software under this
Agreement. The foregoing limitations will apply even if the above
stated warranty fails of its essential purpose. Some states do not
allow the exclusion of incidental or consequential damages, so some of
the terms above may not be applicable to you.

11.     Export Regulations.

All Software, documents, technical data, and any other materials
delivered under this Agreement are subject to U.S. export control laws
and may be subject to export or import regulations in other countries.
You agree to comply strictly with these laws and regulations and
acknowledge that you have the responsibility to obtain any licenses to
export, re-export, or import as may be required after delivery to you.

12.     U.S. Government Restricted Rights.

If Software is being acquired by or on behalf of the U.S. Government or
by a U.S. Government prime contractor or subcontractor (at any tier),
then the Government's rights in Software and accompanying documentation
will be only as set forth in this Agreement; this is in accordance with
48 CFR 227.7201 through 227.7202-4 (for Department of Defense (DOD)
acquisitions) and with 48 CFR 2.101 and 12.212 (for non-DOD
acquisitions).

13.     Governing Law.

Any action related to this Agreement will be governed by California law
and controlling U.S. federal law. No choice of law rules of any
jurisdiction will apply.

14.     Severability.

If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable, this
Agreement will remain in effect with the provision omitted, unless
omission would frustrate the intent of the parties, in which case this
Agreement will immediately terminate.

15.     Integration.

This Agreement, including any terms contained in your Entitlement, is
the entire agreement between you and Sun relating to its subject
matter. It supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written
communications, proposals, representations and warranties and prevails
over any conflicting or additional terms of any quote, order,
acknowledgment, or other communication between the parties relating to
its subject matter during the term of this Agreement. No modification
of this Agreement will be binding, unless in writing and signed by an
authorized representative of each party.

Please contact Sun Microsystems, Inc. 4150 Network Circle, Santa Clara,
California 95054 if you have questions.




-----------------------------------------------------------------

SMACK API 2.2.1
License Agreements


Use of thie Smack source code is governed by the Apache License: 
 Copyright 2002-2005 Jive Software.

 All rights reserved. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 You may obtain a copy of the License at

     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.
 
Smack contains icons and images licensed from INCORS GmbH. You are not licensed to use these icons outside of Smack. 
Third-party source code is licensed as noted in their source files. 


-----------------------------------------------------------------

APACHE XMLBEANS 2.1.0 and APACHE LOG4J 1.2.14
Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

   Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
-----------------------------------------------------------------


EXIST XML DATABASE
GNU LGPL license